Worker SDK `14.0.0` upgrade (#1112)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

### Worker SDK `14.0.0` upgrade

There are a number of breaking changes to contend with for the Worker SDK upgrade:

#### Removal of `Vector3f` and `Vector3d`

These two schema types are no longer available in the schema standard library. You can replace their definitions by defining a schema file in your project:

```
package my_game;

type Vector3f {
    float x = 1;
    float y = 2;
    float z = 3;
}

type Vector3d {
    double x = 1;
    double y = 2;
    double z = 3;
}
```

And replacing the import of `improbable/vector.schema` and usage of `improbable.Vector3f`/`improbable.Vector3d` with the schema file you defined.

> Note that methods such as `Vector3f.ToUnityVector();` are no longer available and you'll need to reimplement them yourself as extension/static methods. You can find the old implementations here: [`Vector3f`](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/blob/0.2.6/workers/unity/Packages/io.improbable.gdk.tools/.CodeGenerator/GdkCodeGenerator/Partials/Improbable.Vector3f) and [`Vector3d`](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/blob/0.2.6/workers/unity/Packages/io.improbable.gdk.tools/.CodeGenerator/GdkCodeGenerator/Partials/Improbable.Vector3d).
> 

> > You will be unable to reimplement the operators since C# lacks the ability to define operations via extension methods.

Reviewer: could suggest that `Vector3d` is basically the same structure as `Coordinates`?

Author: Added a small sentence

#### Connection flow changes

> The `AlphaLocatorFlow` and the `LocatorFlow` have been merged. This means that your worker connectors may require some changes. Wherever you were previously using the `AlphaLocatorFlow` or the `ConnectionService.AlphaLocator` enum value, should now be using the `LocatorFlow` and the `ConnectionService.Locator` enum value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AlphaLocatorFlow` and the `LocatorFlow` have been merged. This means that your worker connectors may require some changes. Wherever you were previously using the `AlphaLocatorFlow` or the `ConnectionService.AlphaLocator` enum value, you should now be using the `LocatorFlow` and the `ConnectionService.Locator` enum value.
```

# Upgrade Guide

## From `0.2.6` to `0.2.7`

### Worker SDK `14.0.1` upgrade

> There are a number of breaking changes to contend with for the Worker SDK upgrade:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Worker SDK upgrade introduces breaking changes to the connection flow, and removes the `Vector3f` and `Vector3d` types from the standard schema library.
```

#### Removal of `Vector3f` and `Vector3d`

> These two schema types are no longer available in the schema standard library. You can replace their definitions by defining a schema file in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two schema types are no longer available in the standard schema library. You can replace their definitions by first defining a schema file in your project:
```

it's what we call it in spos docs 🤷‍♂ 
https://docs.improbable.io/reference/14.0/shared/schema/standard-schema-library

```
package my_game;

type Vector3f {
    float x = 1;
    float y = 2;
    float z = 3;
}

type Vector3d {
    double x = 1;
    double y = 2;
    double z = 3;
}
```

> And replacing the import of `improbable/vector.schema` and usage of `improbable.Vector3f`/`improbable.Vector3d` with the schema file you defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should then replace the import of `improbable/vector.schema` and usage of `improbable.Vector3f`/`improbable.Vector3d` with the schema file you defined.
```
